welcome back
wow what a what a time to be sitting at
home watching YouTube couldn't think of
a better time for anyway
so a lot of you have asked me to do a
video on corona flash so it looks like
yet again Uncle Don is the guiding light
in times of darkness which is either
terrifying or lifting was I like to see
terrifyingly uplifting so what we got
here is looking to cut through all the
media [__] and get right down to the
facts coronavirus pros and cons what are
they let's find that now we're gonna go
ahead and start with the cons to get all
the negativity behind us which was
actually my new year's resolution and as
you can see with a little bit of
positivity I have survived World War 3
the death of the goat all right P
Australia being completely [__] on
fire and the worst pandemic since the
dad buy tick tock [__] tick tock Oh
God have mercy on our [__] souls but
coronavirus bring it to [__] on we're
gonna start here with the Big D death
okay so now lead in the fact the chances
of you dying in from coronavirus I
actually pretty small compared to let's
say blown when your [__] brains out
when you tend the day starts talking
about birth charts which are wait for it
astronomical but anyway death pretty
obvious time no arguments there but you
could make the argument that death could
be poor now hear me out death the
eternal slumber and who hasn't wanted to
sleep forever I know I have question is
waking up the worst part of your day
then I've got the solution for you dead
but wait there's more the wait there's
not cuz you dead
was that just a sales pitch for death
yes yes it was and now I know things are
getting pretty grim pretty fast here but
so is this [__] year so I'm saying
it's like maybe now is not the worst
time to hit that termina snooze button
five more minutes
forever okay next nother kind here
the big one is a huge one miss this is
probably the biggest one
I mean I'm coming I might move it up but
with this
Jim and his wife okay now mrs. Jim cuz
you sick is no laughing matter
like girls who think the funny cuz
they're flowing saw taxer literally
nobody's laughing now there's no secret
here that meatheads biggest fear is not
that his own safety but the safety of
his games like a mother's instinct to
protect too young also like a mother you
raised you games since books these are
your muscle children your bronze fine
game babies power Jack kids so we stuck
at home not being able to lift and watch
any games with away you die if the Fate
was that should we die it's enough to
bring a leg they skipper to fullback now
on the other hand all the people missing
the gym because they're sick is a
definite problem that we'll have access
to a virtually empty gym so you can
superset best with more bench creep
interested thought to be brightness on
high take selfies without shame and calm
squat rack with a [__] hand kiss and
on top of that now you will have the
advantage in your quest to be the most
alpha in the gym
now what everyone is quarantine and
right away you'll leave the Jim Gordon
games like [__] toilet paper cuz
you'll be [__] on these babies and
now the woods from our sponsor fight a
good form fit digital scale and body
analyzes being a meathead without a
scale is like Instagram without lights
how are you supposed to know how helpful
you are if you can't measure it thanks
to the form fit digital scale and body
analyze them now you can keep track of
every pound you gain it's like bowling
you gotta break it 150 to be considered
alive over 200 your Rolling Thunder and
you hit more extras in a drum catch
three hundred and up your whole [__]
week there's more to it it also tracks
your body fat so you can tell people you
percentage like a pack of ground beef
and it also tracks your muscle mass so
you know what percent me head is in your
DNA
Oh surprises here I am 99% muscle mass
the other 1% is a hundred percent muscle
mass hundred ninety nine percent pure
muscle baby what there's more it even
tracks you bone density and no not the
kind of thought at first which let me
tell you is dancing and drinking a glass
of peanut butter but like your skeleton
lastly it even measures your water
weight so you can stop or start blaming
creatine for your water retention to get
sixty percent off this scale click the
link in the description below
vitae good is that time slash broke
science discount code bro science back
over the Khans economic depression now
there's a lot of concern and the
coronavirus will trigger an economic
depression with businesses shutting down
people unable to work and not being able
to get supreme hoodies from China as you
see this is a major issue but joke's on
you economy our entire generation was
born in a depression it's called life
and it [__] sucks so take a seat
economy
grab some hearts else's banging down a
few cities and make some memes to cope
with depression like the rest of us
seriously grow up tired [__] whining
on the breast just [__] this [__]
deal with it economy whatever I'm
dealing with it I'm telling it just fine
they'll see me [__] why not get a
[__] therapist okay oppression isn't
real this happiness even real okay Pro
excuse the goose chase what's the
hardest part about being a [__] boy
carrying the weight of the guilt of
emotionally scarring women [__] now I'm
a gym rat I can't reuse this [__] for
fun the hardest part is coming up with
fresh excuses to get out of hand with
girls before 2:00 a.m. but now thanks to
coronavirus I can just tell her I'm
practicing social distancing to minimize
the spread of the disease now this way I
sound like a hero and I also don't have
to see you out in public for anything
that
what we resembles a date instead what I
can do is with 2:00 a.m. rolls around I
can hit her up for some Q&A quarantine
in a gym you can't spread cooler virus
to angle but you can spread them cheeks
people might say who told you that who
did I did but who told me that who did
who would look who told who told you
that
I told you that who told me that whoo
whoo whoo whoo though we have a [__]
spook damn Sun cool and then I was like
anybody get me on board time no sports
I mean without sports what a bro
supposed to talk about to convince
people than that get what am I supposed
to gamble why all my money on Bitcoin
again come and thinking with oh that's
not bad I did
VidCon when he's actually super low
right now so it'd actually be a perfect
time to invest so that way if the world
ends all have millions of dollars in
fake money and a cloud wallet that I
can't take out a huge to buy anything
honestly though I think about it the
more it's like why haven't I done this
before oh I did I did do this before and
I'm also I lost a lot of money but it's
not real money so I didn't lose it did I
drop cheese plates
it's Yolo season baby now it's those
voicings that Corona slogan is fine G
Beach and now thanks to coronavirus you
can find that beach for 17 dollars round
trip one way because you're going to be
cast away on that beach like Tom Hanks
[__] Tom Hanks [__] get well soon for
Splunk dice o'clock that's a guy Kyle
emails
analyst [__] emails from every
company on earth about how the handling
cold wave 19 no I don't need to know how
pokemon gold is handling cloning wax and
I'm like 90
sure you started this [__] and you gone
outside interacting with people was a
bad [__] idea now look it's stuck
inside not able to interact with people
or go outside even if we wanted to which
we dumped raw work from home now looking
from home is pretty much the American
dream it's like being stay-at-home mom
without having to go on Facebook to
validate now our job is well liked being
an influencer without having to go on
Instagram to validate your entire
existence pull trial run for zombie
apocalypse now to me the quota virus in
comparison to let's say zombies feels
like God is just lobbing us a softball
ugalla let's see how you deal with it
it's like the intro level to a video
game with the difficulty set too easy so
you learn the controls and you don't die
instantly so that way you know when he
comes with the [__] high heat and
someone out of them [__] a raccoon and
kicks off World War Z this time we'll be
prepared probably I think but the mean
zone will be lit Paul good hygiene now
this is actually incredible that has to
be on the boy but I'm pretty sure before
the coronavirus everyone thought hygiene
was just those high-waisted pants that
just wanna hide the Fupa but now thanks
to the spread of this disease we are now
learning how to wash our hands
looking at you people who don't shower
before the gym smelling like socks and
[__] vinegar he was disgusting
selfish and lastly to round out the pros
sheep Corona now because the coronavirus
Corona beer stock has actually dropped
which is [__] absurd to think that
people would actually believe there's
any correlation between
coronavirus and Corona beer but the good
news is cheap [__] Corona
it's like beat the clock iqbal ready to
Jersey Shore except the clock is death
and the Jersey Shore is no longer the
biggest threat to public safety
dishes among Delano because I'm not
taking any [__] chances I am taking
checks so if you want a sponsor me
Montel
please subscribe to my youtube channel
new videos every pandemic that forces
you to sit inside and watch nothing but
YouTube videos lucky me
make sure to go to downloads calm to
stock up on essentials for these hard
times just remember if you die that's
the outfit you're gonna be wearing
forever
so it might as well be fresh like this
tracksuit bandana pull up Matt out
should which is great if you want to
procreate the best selling baby grody
should the hit quarantine game do you
even live
now you can be stuck in a room with
people for weeks while you prove to them
why they [__] suck and why you better
[Music]
you